Overview
The data has been split into two groups:

training set (train.csv)
test set (test.csv)
The training set should be used to build your machine learning models.
For the training set, we provide the outcome (also known as the “ground truth”) for each passenger.
Your model will be based on “features” like passengers’ gender and class.
You can also use feature engineering to create new features.

The test set should be used to see how well your model performs on unseen data.
For the test set, we do not provide the ground truth for each passenger.
It is your job to predict these outcomes.
For each passenger in the test set, use the model you trained to predict whether or not they survived the sinking of the Titanic.

We also include gender_submission.csv, a set of predictions that assume all and only female passengers survive,
as an example of what a submission file should look like.

--
Variable Notes
pclass: A proxy for socio-economic status (SES)
1st = Upper
2nd = Middle
3rd = Lower

age: Age is fractional if less than 1. If the age is estimated,
is it in the form of xx.5

sibsp: The dataset defines family relations in this way...
Sibling = brother, sister, stepbrother, stepsister
Spouse = husband, wife (mistresses and fiancés were ignored)

parch: The dataset defines family relations in this way...
Parent = mother, father
Child = daughter, son, stepdaughter, stepson
Some children travelled only with a nanny, therefore parch=0 for them.

컬럼 Column = 변수 Variable = 피처 (feature)
'Survived',-> label
'Pclass',
'Name',
'Sex',
'Age',
'SibSp',
'Parch', "
"'Ticket',
"'Fare',
'Cabin',
'Embarked'

4-1. Survived : 생존 여부
4-2. Pclass : 객실 등급 (1등석, 2등석 3등석) - 1.5등석은 없음.
4-3. Sex : 성별
4-4. Name : 이름 - 유재혁이라고 해서 살 확률은 없다 Mr. , Rev에 따라서 확률이 바뀌었음(신분)
이름 뿐이면 쓰레기, 신분이 있어서 필요한 데이터
4-5. Age : 나이 - 나이에 기준에 따라서, 중년, 장년, 소년, 청년으로 나눔
4-6. SibSp : 형제자매/배우자
4-7. Parch : 부모/자식
4-8. Fare : 요금 ratio
4-9. Embarked : 탑승 항구(cherbourg, queenstown, southampton)
queenstown 부자동네, southampton 노동자 동네 부자동네가 생존확률이 높았음
4-10. Cabin : 객실 구역 P Class로 구분하면된다.
4-11. Ticket : 탑승권 몰래 탄 사람, 암표, 티켓 번호는 필요없음